# My Research
- Students do believe that portfolios are an accurate way to measure someones competence, but many noted that its very difficult to show how they have improved as a person instead of how their work has. They noted its hard to showcase and measure personal development with things like self confidence and assertiveness to name a few. This aligns with aspects I would love to showcase about myself. If I could i would absolutely showcase how much I have grown as a person through things like confidence and leadership abilities, but it is extremely difficult to pull off.
- Another article mentions how in a study with students, the found that having a portfolio increased a students desire to showcase their mastery of the field they are in and personal performance goals to show their motivations, and skill sets through their work. The study also found that having a portfolio also reduces negative effects, that would normally demotivate a person from showcasing their work. Personally, I have to agree with this, and it lines up with my personal motivations. While I do believe that being able to show what you are and doing to improve yourself and what you have already done to, is very important, I do also believe that having a space to show you work that you are proud of, does motivate me to do my very best through my work and projects.

- https://journals.scholarsportal.info/details/22122761/v09i0003/166_spocpdartcd.xml#Results
- https://journals-scholarsportal-info.libproxy.wlu.ca/details/10967516/v16inone_c/51_asoteoraoepu.xml#body-s0070